README.md, before:

[![Build
Status](https://travis-ci.org/dermesser/yup-oauth2.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/dermesser/yup-oauth2)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dermesser/yup-oauth2/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dermesser/yup-oauth2)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/yup-oauth2.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/yup-oauth2)

**yup-oauth2** is a utility library which implements several OAuth 2.0 flows. It's mainly used by
[google-apis-rs](https://github.com/Byron/google-apis-rs), to authenticate against Google services.
(However, you're able to use it with raw HTTP requests as well; the flows are implemented as token
sources yielding HTTP Bearer tokens).

The provider we have been testing the code against is also Google. However, the code itself is
generic, and any OAuth provider behaving like Google will work as well. If you find one that
doesn't, please let us know and/or contribute a fix!

### Supported authorization types

* Device flow (user enters code on authorization page)
* Installed application flow (user visits URL, copies code to application, application uses
  code to obtain token). Used for services like GMail, Drive, ...
* Service account flow: Non-interactive authorization of server-to-server communication based on
  public key cryptography. Used for services like Cloud Pubsub, Cloud Storage, ...

### Usage

Please have a look at the [API landing page][API-docs] for all the examples you will ever need.

A simple commandline program which authenticates any scope and prints token information can be found
in [the examples directory][examples].

The video below shows the *auth* example in action. It's meant to be used as utility to record all
server communication and improve protocol compliance.

![usage][auth-usage]

## Versions

Version 1.x for Hyper versions bellow 12
Version 2.x for Hyper versions 12 and above

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the
work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.


[API-docs]: https://docs.rs/yup-oauth2/
[examples]: https://github.com/dermesser/yup-oauth2/tree/master/examples
[auth-usage]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dermesser/yup-oauth2/master/examples/auth.rs-usage.gif

Commit message:

Add link to async-google-apis in README.

README.md, after:

[![Build
Status](https://travis-ci.org/dermesser/yup-oauth2.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/dermesser/yup-oauth2)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/dermesser/yup-oauth2/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/dermesser/yup-oauth2)
[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/yup-oauth2.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/yup-oauth2)

**yup-oauth2** is a utility library which implements several OAuth 2.0 flows. It's mainly used by
[google-apis-rs](https://github.com/Byron/google-apis-rs), to authenticate against Google services.
(However, you're able to use it with raw HTTP requests as well; the flows are implemented as token
sources yielding HTTP Bearer tokens).

**yup-oauth2** is `async`-first since some time ago. To also use asynchronous
APIs, use the
[`async-google-apis`](https://github.com/dermesser/async-google-apis) code
generator, which generates asynchronous API stubs for Google APIs and other
providers who provide Discovery documents for their REST APIs. (*WARNING*: that project is still
*alpha*-quality)

The provider we have been testing the code against is also Google. However, the code itself is
generic, and any OAuth provider behaving like Google will work as well. If you find one that
doesn't, please let us know and/or contribute a fix!

### Supported authorization types

* Device flow (user enters code on authorization page)
* Installed application flow (user visits URL, copies code to application, application uses
  code to obtain token). Used for services like GMail, Drive, ...
* Service account flow: Non-interactive authorization of server-to-server communication based on
  public key cryptography. Used for services like Cloud Pubsub, Cloud Storage, ...

### Usage

Please have a look at the [API landing page][API-docs] for all the examples you will ever need.

A simple commandline program which authenticates any scope and prints token information can be found
in [the examples directory][examples].

The video below shows the *auth* example in action. It's meant to be used as utility to record all
server communication and improve protocol compliance.

![usage][auth-usage]

## Versions

Version 1.x for Hyper versions bellow 12
Version 2.x for Hyper versions 12 and above

## License

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0, ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the
work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.


[API-docs]: https://docs.rs/yup-oauth2/
[examples]: https://github.com/dermesser/yup-oauth2/tree/master/examples
[auth-usage]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dermesser/yup-oauth2/master/examples/auth.rs-usage.gif
